# Project-Cpp
You have been asked to write a program to grade several multiple-choice exams. The exam has 20 questions, each answered with a letter in the range of ‘a’ through ‘f’. The
answers key is declared in the program as constant of type string.  An example of answer key is “abcdefabcdefabcdefab”.  Your program should work for any other answer key.   The program should first ask users for the number of students to be graded.  Then it should have a while loop in the main function.  For each student, the loop repeatedly asks users to enter a student ID number and a string of characters representing the answers of the student.  The student ID number is of type string and should contain exactly 7 digits (each digit between ‘0’ and’9’).  If a student ID number is incorrect, the program displays and error message and prompts the user to re-enter that student information.  If a student gives more answers than necessary (more than 20 in our case), the program automatically truncates the extra answers.  On the other hand, if a student provides less number of answers, the remaining unanswered questions are considered as being answered wrongly. If for a given answer, the user enters a letter other than ‘a’, b’, ‘c’, ‘d’, ‘e’, or ‘f’ then the
question is considered as being wrongly answered. 
Furthermore, in each while loop in the main routine, your program should compute a percentile score for the student by comparing the answers for that student to the answers key, and a curved grade in ‘A’ though ‘F’ based on the following: >=90         A  <90 and >=80        B  <80 and >= 70        C  <70 and >= 60        D  <60 and >= 50        E  <50          F The results of each student are displayed by the student in the format:  percentile score and a curved grade in ‘A’  though ‘F’.  The program should also compute and display the following statistics for the graded answers: Average score, Maximum score, and Minimum score.

Use the following inputs to test your program:

Answer key = abcdefabcdefabcdefab Please enter the number of students to be graded: 5 For each of the following students, enter the Student ID and answers: Student  1: 1234567 abcdefabcdefabcdefab  Score: 100%  A Student  2: 9876543 abddefbbbdefcbcdefac  Score: 70%  C Student  3: 555444656 abcdefabcdefabcd ERROR in the Student ID number. Please re-enter Student 3 information: Student  3: 5554446 abcdefabcdefabcd  Score: 80%  B Student  4: 4445556 abcdefabcdefabcdefabcdaedf  Score: 100%  A Student  5: 5551112 abbcdaefcdffbceffadbc  Score: 25%  F Statistics:  Average Score: 75%  Minimum Score: 100%
 Maximum Score: 25%
